Update full-app-embedding.md (#15095)
metabase/metabase: docs/enterprise-guide/full-app-embedding.md

- An SSO authentication endpoint in your application, typically JWT or SAML, and Metabase configured to use them.
- An `<iframe>` element in your application, with the `src` attribute set to either a URL in Metabase (e.x. `http://metabase.yourcompany.com/dashboard/1`), or directly to the authentication endpoint in your application, with a parameter specifying where to redirect back to (e.x. `http://yourcompany.com/api/auth?redirect=http%3A%2F%2Fmetabase.yourcompany.com%2Fdashboard%2F1`). The latter will avoid an extra redirect if the user has not been authenticated.

> - Optional: When the embedding website is hosted under a domain _other_ than the one your Metabase instance is hosted under, you may need to customize Metabase's session cookie's [`SameSite` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies), by setting the environment variable `MB_SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE=None`. Available options are `Lax` (default), `None` or `Strict`. Remember that when setting the cookie with `None` option, it is mandatory to use HTTPS in Metabase or the browsers will reject the requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional: when the embedding website is hosted under a domain _other_ than the one your Metabase instance is hosted under, you may need to set the environment variable `MB_SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE=None`. Setting the variable to `None` requires you to use HTTPS in Metabase, otherwise browsers will reject the request. Other options for the SameSite variable are `Lax` (default) or `Strict`. Visit MDN to learn more about [SameSite cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite).
```
